Docs - add table of contents per topic (#79)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/powershell/azure-devops.md

# Azure DevOps

This module provides the following capabilities:

> - [Seting a variable in a DevOps pipeline](#set-devops-variable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Setting a variable in an Azure DevOps pipeline](#set-devops-variable)
```
